- [x] change functions to accomodate the sentiment models ✅ 2024-08-09
- [x] modify the part previous than backtesting ✅ 2024-08-09
- [x] show July 2023 performance ✅ 2024-08-09
- [x] backtesting for evaluate_mkodel_sent ✅ 2024-08-09
- [ ] standard form of the models
-开会后
- [ ] Everything runnable
- [ ] homework 6
-吃饭后
- [ ] finish introduction and mathematical formula
- [ ] finish solution and result sessions
- [ ] start adding references and images
-11点前交 # DONE




# Backtesting

##### 1. Before going into Backtesting directly, it is beneficial to check the performance of lambda in a single month.

##### 2. perform backtesting to find the best lambda.


### 1. Applying the Markowitz Model with July 2023 Data

  

In this section, we will use the loaded data for July 2023, including the expected return and covariance matrix, to apply the Markowitz portfolio optimization model maximizing expected return while minimizing risk (variance).

  

We will perform the following steps:

  

1. **Load Data**:

- Expected Return Data: Extract the expected returns for July 2023 from the data file.

- Covariance Matrix: Compute the covariance matrix of assets for July 2023.

  

2. **Apply the Markowitz Model**:

- 2.1 Define the objective function

- 2.2 Perform iteration over different lambda values from 0 - 1 with step 0.2
  

3. **Evaluate Performance for Different λ Values**:

- 3.1 Apply the allocated assets weights to the portfolio of the next month to compute performance.

- 3.2 λ represents the risk aversion coefficient. Different λ values will affect the portfolio selection.

4. **Perform Backtesting over several months**
5. 
